initial draft of new process area security analysis (#403)
eclipse-score/process_description: process/process_areas/security_analysis/guidance/security_analysis_guideline.rst

#. Document the security mitigation. This can be a detection, prevention or mitigation of the threat.
#. If there is no mitigation or existing mitigation is not sufficient, a mitigation issue has to be created in the Issue Tracking system and linked in the "mitigation_issue" attribute.
#. The analysis is finished if for each identified threat a sufficient mitigation exists.
#. Unless the attribute sufficient is yes, mitigation and argument attributes can be still empty.
#. Continue the analysis until all applicable threat models are checked.
#. The verification is done by applying the checklist :need:`gd_chklst__security_analysis`.

.. note:: If there are changes they have to be analyzed with an impact analysis :need:`gd_temp__change_impact_analysis`. If needed the security analysis has to be updated accordingly. Therefore all necessary steps have to be repeated.

Step-by-Step-approach Security Analysis Platform:
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The analysis is done by using the template :ref:`security_analysis_templates` on the platform diagrams using a list of threat scenarios <:need:`gd_guidl__sec_ana_threat_scenarios`>.

> Use the content of the document (tbd)need:`doc__feature_name_security_analysis`, (tbd)need:`doc__component_name_security_analysis` to describe e.g. why

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the content of the document :need:`gd_temp__feat_sec_ana_threat`, `gd_temp__comp_sec_ana_threat` to describe e.g. why
```
